Presentation - Request object alignment (#924)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/remote-flow.rst

  * - **Name**
    - **Description**
  * - **alg**
    - REQUIRED. Algorithm used to sign the JWT, according to [:rfc:`7516#section-4.1.1`]. It MUST be one of the supported algorithms in Section :ref:`algorithms:Cryptographic Algorithms` and MUST NOT be set to ``none`` or to a symmetric algorithm (MAC) identifier (:ref:`RPR-104 <test-plans-remote-presentation>`).
  * - **typ**
    - REQUIRED. Media Type of the JWT, as defined in [:rfc:`7519`] and [:rfc:`9101`]. It SHOULD be set to the value ``oauth-authz-req+jwt`` (:ref:`RPR-105 <test-plans-remote-presentation>`).
  * - **kid**
    - REQUIRED. Key ID of the public key needed to verify the JWT signature, as defined in [:rfc:`7517`]. REQUIRED when ``trust_chain`` is used.
  * - **trust_chain**
    - OPTIONAL. It is a sequence of Entity Statements that composes the Trust Chain related to the Relying Party, as defined in `OID-FED`_ Section 4.3 *Trust Chain Header Parameter*.
  * - **x5c**

>     - REQUIRED. Contains the Relying Party’s leaf X.509 certificate (and optionally intermediate certificates), used to verify the JWT signature with the public key in the Relying Party’s certificate as defined in :rfc:`7515`. The Relying Party’s certificate in ``x5c`` MUST assert Relying Party identity information sufficient to bind the network endpoints referenced by the presentation flow. In particular, the endpoints used in the Authorization Request and Authorization Response (e.g., ``response_uri``, ``redirect_uri``) MUST correspond to identity information contained in the Relying Party’s certificate (for example, a URI-type SAN for full-URI matching or a DNSName SAN for host-name matching).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - REQUIRED. Contains the X.509 certificate chain about the Relying Party, excluding the Trust Anchor certificate, used to verify the JWT signature with the public key in the Relying Party’s certificate as defined in :rfc:`7515`. The Relying Party’s certificate in ``x5c`` asserts the Relying Party identity information along with the network endpoints used in the presentation flow, including the endpoints Authorization Request and Response endpoints (``response_uri`` and ``redirect_uri``). All the endpoints used in the presentation flow by a Relying Party MUST be bound to the FQDN and any further webpath provided in the Relying Party’s certificate, in the form of URI-type SAN for full-URI matching, or a DNSName SAN for host-name matching.
```

we should apply normative language to entities that can complies it.
